git-unpack-file: add page (#9168)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-unpack-file.md

# git unpack-file

> > Create a temporary with a blob's contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Create a temporary file with a blob's contents.
```

> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-unpack-file>.

> - Create a file holding the contents of the blob specified by its id and get the name of the temporary file (with format `merge_file_XXXXX`):

Reviewer 2: I think the format is not in the scope of this example
```suggestion
- Create a file holding the contents of the blob specified by its ID then print the name of the temporary file:
```

> `git unpack-file <blob>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git unpack-file {{blob}}
```
We use this placeholder `{{}}` in tldr instead of `<>` in most cases.

> `git unpack-file {{blob}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git unpack-file {{blob}}`
```
This will fix the linter error.

Author: Ah thank you!

> `git unpack-file {{blob}}`

Reviewer 2: The man page says `blob_id`
```suggestion
`git unpack-file {{blob_id}}`
```
